all right so listen guys I get this
email of course from all the different
places that you guys probably get some
of those emails to and it was the three
reasons why silver is going down and
then of course this is you know picture
with it that says it with an arrow
pointing down about silver and then
saying and this may be the best time to
buy silver or the perfect time to buy
silver or whatever it is right but they
talked about the three reasons why
silver has been going down one the US
economy and the labor market how the
unemployment is you know keeps doing
while the jobs market is doing well on
the and the you know applications for
unemployment are down now of course we
all know that's not the case right labor
markets participation rate is ridiculous
and there's a couple of different
reasons for part of it is cause of an
aging group but you know what we have
the Millennials on the scene and that is
a big swell so anybody who says it's
just that I guess they just don't know
about the millennial so the reality is
is that it's not a great labor market
but that's one thing they say okay so
one is the labor market the economy in
general the overall economy doing well
there are some good things about the
economy but then I just find this
interesting on you know the strong point
but that's why you're supposed to the
set prices are going down but that's why
I supposed to buy silver uh-huh two is
because of Yellen who comes out with
basically a conservative notes right it
doesn't really say much and if anything
that the rates will be pushed off and
any speculators they are insulting gold
and silver the last week or two they
jumped it jumped ship a lot of them jump
ship there because they like well
obviously yelling is not doing this
aggressive rate change and that just
blows them away so you see silver and
gold gets smacked down today but you
know these aren't big numbers for silver
and gold to go down like that there and
they've had a phenomenal year you know
this it's supposed to pull back it was
just wait and get a lot of speculation
of course it's going to pull back the
third reason is the US dollar the
strength of the US dollar compared to
other currencies now everybody knows
that everybody knows and it's always
compared it's all you have to compare it
to other currencies around the world and
it is strong and it's been it's been
strong for years other than I think was
2013 right I had to dip off a pretty
significant but
since that it's done well now the
reasons why is that while that's for a
different video but the point is I get
three points on this on this email where
they tell me these are the three reasons
why silver is going down and then it's a
great time to buy well what first of all
if you dollar cost averaging across the
board you don't care and you're just
buying silver like once a month kind of
thing you don't really care about dips
anyways and i'll tell you what
historically it has not been shown to be
an effective way to you know to build
wealth by buying on the dips of silver
or gold it never has been that doesn't
mean you shouldn't try to do it or you
shouldn't attempt to try to buy lower
than higher but all these things that
they mentioned even other headlines of
BS it shows you that the trends going in
a certain direction and yet they're
still telling you it's a great time to
buy silver oh my god because what some
went down for one day all of a sudden
it's a phenomenal reason to buy because
of all these reasons silver is it is
going down oh my god I yeah who wrote
this email oh who did I get this email
from apmex I mean listen I don't have a
problem with that mex III wouldn't i
would buy some some right now if there
were certain pieces that I wanted but
for the reasoning they're giving you
three strong links and by the way to of
the stories are exact same stories
that's how lame this is whoever put it
together at at max you need some work
because it did not help strengthen your
position at all it's a terrible email
terrible marketing ploy if anything they
could probably judge it their their
sales will go down but listen use them i
don't use them i don't really care but
the point is is three reasons why silver
could get the smack down it's going down
it's got its down like you know what a
buck or something which is nothing right
now it was already too high to begin
with and you know it's as i've said
before it's a matter of time right so
but it's amazing to me that no matter
what under any circumstances that you
know it's like silver is always a good
time to buy but here's the thing though
then don't give me the information that
are the basic headlines that rbs at
least look at those headlines and tell
me why Yellen made a mistake or why
interest rates doing solo aren't good or
why labour ratio isn't good give me the
facts don't give me the BS of the stick
I mean it was like they were selling
they would give me all the reasons why
you
shouldn't buy something right now I'm
not even telling you that I'm just
telling like be congruent with your
messages it shows how ignorant they are
and how clueless they are now maybe you
guys don't care about that but that I
care about I want the message to be
truthful and honest and congruent and
that way you can make smart decisions
going by their information you shouldn't
be buying something right now crazy all
right guys go create a great day